Sorry guys, I know all of you are very exciting, but I want you safe, so please keep safe distance. Sorry, I am a little nervous, because this is my second time to speak in front of so many people. The first time is 13 years before, it's my wedding.

I am a Chinese, I came the America in the last September. I was an atheist before I came to America. I only believe in myself, not believe in God .  But I am very confused. Although I have a good life, I have a wife, I have two sons, but I have never found the meaning of life. When I die, everything is gone. I don't know the meaning of life. After coming to the United States, I have a opportunity to come to Watermark for church. I found it was interesting there, there were a lot of beautiful songs and many friendly people. Then after I came several times more, I got many friends here , By their influence, I began to learn more about the bible. I joined two Bible study groups. Through my these studies, I learned about God’s love. I began to accept the moral part of the Bible from my heart, but I still don’t believe that the world was created by God because I think this is ridiculous.  we all know that the world was created by the Big Bang.

Several months later, my friends introduced me to a Chinese pastor. He was a pastor and also an astrophysicist. He told me how he evolved from a scientist to a pastor and show me the scientific evidence that the world was created by God. All of this is not inconsistent with current physical theories and discoveries. He shows me some papers about it. In the process of learning about God, reading the bible, talking about faith with all these friends.  I gradually became a Christian.

To be a Christian is such a big change, and a change filled with joy. I now understand the origin and meaning of life, and am no longer confused. I have gradually become more passionate about life, to love others more, and to have more confidence. Yes, I have sin, you have sin, all of us have sin, but because of faith and the love of Christ, we will cross the boundary between life and death and enter heaven on the last day of our life. And will sit on the side of God. This is such a huge gift, I don't think I deserve such a gift, but God gave it freely to me. When I return to China in a few weeks, I will study God's Word in the future, do things what God's like, and spread his love to others.

It is really a miracle that I can become a Christian, because one year ago, I was a complete atheist. I think all this is just like God arranged, let me come to the United States, let me know him, tell me he has been waiting for me for a long time, and finally saved me. Thank God, thank you all my friends here, and thank watermark. It was your help that made me a Christian, that changed my life. Thank you very much.

